This file describes the compilation and installation procedure for Dime.

COMPILATION
===========

Compilation of DIME is managed through the use of make and makefiles.
Project files for the various proprietary C/C++ IDEs that exist are not
included now, and they are not very likely to be included in the future
either unless there is real demand for it.  Creating one's own project
file should not be too much of a problem, though, as the compilation is
very straight-forwards.

In-house development is done through the use of tmake and tmake project
files.  The setup for tmake is available under the build-tmake/ directory.
If you have set up tmake correctly for your own system, building DIME
from build-tmake/ should be problem-free.

Since tmake is not a standard widespread development utility, another
makefile is provided, which is available under build/.  It does not depend
on tmake, but instead on your ability to tweak makefiles.  Not too much
tweaking should be needed, though.

If you are interested in adding support for reading gzip-compressed files,
add the define USE_GZLIB to the makefile, ensure that zlib.h is in the
include path, and that libdime is linked against libz.


INSTALLATION
============

If you compile DIME as a shared library, it must be installed somewhere
where the system will search for it.  For most unix variants, that means
installing it under /lib, /usr/lib, /usr/local/lib, or maybe some special
location that is included in the LD_LIBRARY_PATH environment variable.
At the time being (before version 1.0 is released) we don't recommend
installing or using DIME as a shared library as the API may change somewhat.

As a static library, DIME must be installed somewhere where your compiler
can find it and link applications with it.  For most unix variants, this
can typically be the same locations that is used for shared libraries, or
somewhere under the project that needs the library.

You must also install the DIME header files somewhere where they will be
found by the compiler for any projects using DIME.


